Michigan got screwed

UTSA got robbed 

Utah state dominates San Diego state head to head and wins the mountain west championship, yet you keep SD ranked and act like USU doesn’t exist

UTSA? 12-1

UTSA SNUBBED

ichigan winning it all watch

Look at BYU’s strength of schedule for one minute.. PAC12 Champs, MountainWest Champs, Big 12 Champs, etc. This is honestly such a disappointment.

Alabama is the only team in America who can loose to a un ranked team, and ended up #1. Bias at its best!!

How did Utah jump BYU when BYU beat them!?

Wow Alabama should be #2 and playing Georgia again, while Michigan and Cincy should be playing. The committee is still so scared of saban. Maybe they should watch more football, look at the last few weeks, you can not say Bama is #1 over Michigan, their win against OSU is bigger than the Georgia win because Georgia not 0 pressure to win they knew they were in the playoffs. Still more bias even in a easy year of picking the top 4 teams.

How do you keep SDSU in and Utah State out? ZERO logic behind that one. Committee sucks.

You can't convince me the committee is fair to non-P5 teams for what they did to BYU. And if you look closer, you'll see how they fixed the rankings to prop up P5-teams. I'll be back when the playoffs is fair for every D1 team. Absolutely atrocious

MSU as the 10 seed is a crime

Ha. Another trash line up. Michigan should be #1 with undefeated cincy at #2 or 3. Bama & Georgia should be playing each other again. Plus a lot of other deserving one loss schools who won their conference should be in over non champion Georgia.

Go Utah! Finally a little bit of respect at #11. 22 Forever

Committee is rigged…. Michigan got screwed we should be #1

Why send conference champs when you can keep sending 2 SEC teams

such BS the committee wants Georgia and Alabama in the natty they know good and damn well Michigan should be number

YOUNGBOY WINS THE CFB PLAYOFFS

Yall did UTSA wrong!

They really snuck A&M in there just so Alabama would have a ranked loss

Damm Utsa not on here wow

they lost to unranked North Texas tf?

Yeah, it’s rigged in their favor

then why do SEC teams actually win CFP games?

 Re-read my first reply. That is still the answer

because those 2 teams are 2 of the best 4 teams in the country at this moment..

Why rank UGA over Cincinnati then? Cincinnati undefeated conference champs UGA neither of those things.

it would be Alabama vs. Georgia all over which wouldn’t make sense

